Add task-specific Copilot instruction files (#440)
kokkos/kokkos-fft: .github/instructions/docs-instructions.md

├── api_reference.rst     # API reference index
├── api/                  # API documentation by category
│   ├── standard/         # Standard FFT functions (fft, ifft, fft2, etc.)
│   ├── real/             # Real FFT functions (rfft, irfft, etc.)
│   ├── hermitian/        # Hermitian FFT functions (hfft, ihfft)
│   ├── helper/           # Helper functions (fftfreq, fftshift, etc.)
│   ├── plan/             # Plan class and execute function
│   └── enums/            # Normalization and Direction enums
├── intro/                # Introduction and getting started
│   ├── building.rst      # Build instructions
│   ├── quick_start.rst   # Quick start guide
│   └── using.rst         # Usage guide
├── developer/            # Developer documentation
└── samples/              # Code samples for inclusion
```

## reStructuredText Conventions

### Section Headings

Use consistent heading underlines:

```rst
Top-Level Heading
=================

Second-Level Heading
--------------------

Third-Level Heading
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

### Cross-References

- **Internal document references**: `:doc:\`path/to/document\``
- **API references**: `:cpp:func:\`KokkosFFT::fft\``

> - **External links**: Use full URLs: `\`Link text <https://example.com>\`_`

Reviewer: You need to delimit inline code blocks with double backticks if you want to use a `` ` `` inside, like this ``` `` some text with ` backticks `` ```
```suggestion
- **Internal document references**: `` :doc:`path/to/document` ``
- **API references**: `` :cpp:func:`KokkosFFT::fft` ``
- **External links**: Use full URLs: `` `Link text <https://example.com>`_ ``
```

Reviewer 2: Sure

///
/// \return Description of return value.
///
/// \throws std::runtime_error If preconditions are not met.
```

### Breathe Directives in RST

Reference Doxygen-documented C++ functions in `.rst` files:

```rst
.. doxygenfunction:: KokkosFFT::fft(const ExecutionSpace&, const InViewType&, const OutViewType&, KokkosFFT::Normalization, int, std::optional<std::size_t>)
```

For classes:

```rst
.. doxygenclass:: KokkosFFT::Plan
   :members:
```

For enums:

```rst
.. doxygenenum:: KokkosFFT::Normalization
```

## Sphinx Configuration

- Configuration file: `docs/conf.py`.
- Version is extracted automatically from `CMakeLists.txt` via regex parsing.
- Extensions: `breathe`, `sphinx_copybutton`.
- Breathe project name: `KokkosFFT`.
- Doxygen inputs: `common/src/` and `fft/src/`.

## Adding New API Documentation

1. Add Doxygen comments (`/// \brief`, `\tparam`, `\param`, etc.) to the C++ header.
2. Create a new `.rst` file in the appropriate `docs/api/<category>/` subdirectory.
3. Use `doxygenfunction`, `doxygenclass`, or `doxygenenum` directives to pull in the documentation.
4. Add the new `.rst` file to the appropriate `toctree` in `docs/api_reference.rst` or a parent document.

> 5. Include a code example if applicable, either inline or via `literalinclude`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Include a code example if applicable via `literalinclude`. Make sure that the included examples are placed under `examples/docs` compiled in CI
```
